List of scripts and their application:

  * CropReg.m     - track an object in a time-series grayscale image by finding
                    the best correlation coefficient between the object on the
                    previous frame, and the current frame. To avoid issued with
                    multiple similar objects, limits to a region around the
                    previous location of the object. Requires user interaction
                    on the first frame, to select a bounding box for the object.

  * ccri.m        - Compute Correlation Coefficient of Raw Images as described
                    in "Demandolx, D. and Davoust, J. (1997), Multicolour
                    analysis and local image correlation in confocal microscopy.
                    Journal of Microscopy, 185: 21-36."

  * draw.ijm      - make useful drawings on the image, non-destructive, with
                    overlays.

  * Library.txt   - to place in ImageJ macro/ directory. It implements different
                    new functions for other macros to use (other ImageJ macros
                    from this list are likely to need this file). These new
                    functions allow for cleaner code for array manipulation,
                    transversing a directory tree, etc...

  * diff_heatmap.m - this octave function draws an heatmap of the 
                    difference between two matrixes. It was designed to find
                    regions in a cell with different intensities given two images
                    of different fluorophores.

  * jmsi.m        - Compute Joint Moment of Standardized Images as described
                    in "Demandolx, D. and Davoust, J. (1997), Multicolour
                    analysis and local image correlation in confocal microscopy.
                    Journal of Microscopy, 185: 21-36."

  * optimal-laser-settings.m - given a bunch of images with fluorophores such as
                    PAGFP or mEos2, finds the optimal laser settings to do so.
                    This is an Octave script.

  * proprietary2tif.ijm - given a directory, will convert all images of a specific
                    type to tif. It will also perform the same conversion for
                    images on subdirectories. Requires the Library.txt file.

  * stack2hyperstack.m - Octave function to rearrange a multi-dimensional image,
                    similar to ImageJ's stack2hyperstack command. Makes it easier
                    to index the image for the rest of the code.

  * Zproject.m    - makes a Z projection of a multi-dimensional image, similar
                    to the ImageJ command. Different types of projections are
                    supported.
